Alrighty, so let's go ahead
and let's add one more program here using for loops.
So I'll create this new file
and I'll call it sports.ts.
And what I'll do up top, I'll just define
an array for the sports, an array of strings.
Alrighty, so we have this array of strings for our sports:
golf, cricket, tennis and swimming.
So just to start, I'll do it the traditional way
of just using an i index here.
And so I'll do a for loop, console.log(sportsOne[i])
and then down in my terminal window
I'll simply compile the code, sports.ts.
And then I run it, sports.js
and then we see the output for the array.
Alrighty, so in this example here
I'm going to use the simplified for loop.
So here I'll say, let tempSport of sportsOne,
okay note of.
And now I can simply do a console.log on tempSport directly.
Okay, so that looks pretty good.
So again, just move down here,
compile the code once again
and then run it.
And then we'll see the sports displayed
and we'll actually see two batches.
So the first batch is primarily using
the traditional approach
and then the second batch is
the simplified for loop approach.
So I'll just comment out the first batch up top
just so I don't see that again
just kind of use the simplified version.
And so now what I'll do is actually
add in support for conditionals here,
so if tempSport equals Cricket
then I want to tell them hey this my favorite sport.
And else we simply just print the sport.
Alrighty so that's our array
and actually let me delete this code that I had up here.
So the old code, let's just get rid of it.
And so then we simply go through compile
and run our code again and check the output.
And we see for cricket it says hey my favorite sport,
small little cosmetic issue there.
I didn't add the white space,
let's add the white space up top.
And then just do it one more time.
There we go so it looks pretty now, okay.
Anyways nice example here of using
for loops, arrays and also conditionals, so good job.
Okay, so let's go ahead and move in here
and let's work on a coding example using growable arrays.
So I'll create a new file here.
I'll call it growable-arrays.ts.
So first I'll setup the initial array,
so sportsTwo and I'll just add three sports to the array.
And now add some additional items to the array,
so this growable array, I say sportsTwo.push
and I'll do a push on baseball
and also a push on futbol.
And then I'll simply setup a for loop
and just print out each one of the sports in the array.
And then I just simply move down to my terminal window
and I just compile and run.
And so looking at our output, we have our sports.
So the first three are the initial sports
that were in the array and then also
the other two were the ones we added to this growable array.
This looks pretty good, I'm happy.